Docs upgrade (#3370)
modrinth/code: apps/docs/src/content/docs/contributing/daedalus.mdx

---
title: Daedalus (Metadata service)
description: Daedalus contributing guide
---

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

[Daedalus](https://github.com/modrinth/code/tree/main/packages/daedalus) is a library providing model structs and methods for requesting and parsing things from Minecraft and other mod loaders meta APIs.

The codebase is kept in Modrinth's [monorepo](https://github.com/modrinth/code).

## Architecture

Daedalus is split up into two parts:

- [`packages/daedalus`](https://github.com/modrinth/code/tree/main/apps/daedalus_client): The library holding all the core logic for the service

> - [`apps/daedalus_client`](https://github.com/modrinth/code/tree/main/apps/daedalus_client): The service worker that runs in the background and handles requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`apps/daedalus_client`](https://github.com/modrinth/code/tree/main/apps/daedalus_client): The API which exposes information gathered by daedalus
```

## Ready to open a PR?

<Steps>

> 1. Open a pull request on the [monorepo repository](https://github.com/modrinth/code)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a pull request in the [monorepo repository](https://github.com/modrinth/code)
```
